Update unit tests where async tasks were unhandled (#215)
ska-sa/spead2: doc/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

.. rubric:: Development version

- Update :program:`test_send_asyncio.py`'s ``test_async_flush`` and

>   ``test_async_flush_fail`` to keep handles on its async Tasks.

Author: I took inspiration on formatting from the last mention of a file and unit test further down (3.7.0 and 1.13.0).

Reviewer: Ah, hadn't seen that. `:program:` is for an executable, but I guess it would be fine to use the double backticks for the test names for consistency.

> - Update :program:`test_send_asyncio.py`'s ``test_async_flush`` and
>   ``test_async_flush_fail`` to keep handles on its async Tasks.

Reviewer: test_send_asyncio.py isn't a "program". Here's my suggestion (the `!` tells Sphinx not to try creating a link, which won't be found since the tests don't have docstrings):
```suggestion
- Update :meth:`!test_async_flush` and :meth:`!test_async_flush_fail` to keep
  handles to async tasks, to prevent them being garbage collected too early.
```
